hey what's up guys Patrick and as a guy
to catapult construction the items you
need are 90 min throw nails are better
10 mahogany planks food and leave at
least one interspace open
let's start use the lodestone it brings
you this place then go to the area
circled in black on this map
keep in mind the area shaded yellow
green blue and purple or traps
when you get here talks to guard and
select options run on screen
go through the dense forest south to get
into the camp
you
a talk to the general and select the
options right on screen
use the lodestone
head to the area circled in black on
this map when you get here talk to the
catapult engineer and select the options
are not screened at the under
conversation you should get some
catapult schematics
read the schematics then select the
options to study the required planks and
nails
talk to the engineer again and ask him
can I read the letter
reap the schematics one more time and
select the option to make the repair
parts
talk to the engineer one more time and
ask can work and I find role at Dorf
head to the building near the ice
mountain circle red oz map talk to role
ed and ask him can I have the metal
parts for the tires cam catapult please
go to the bar in Port Sarim
talk to this Dorf and you can select
alert option
let's search the drunken sailor outside
to get a sailor's hat put on the at
and/or to Dorf again to get some metal
catapult parts
use the lodestone then head to the area
circled in black on this map
when you get here talk to a guard to
start repairing a catapult all right so
this part is really simple all you have
to do is put the pieces where they
belong I number them for you so you know
which one goes where but before you
start on the right side of screen uh
controls first off they're two sides to
catapult and that semicircle and the
bottom right that's outlined in blue
that's how you flip the catapult around
to the other side the catapult is facing
a different way depending on which side
you're on so make sure you're on the
right side before you start you also
have arrows in the bottom right which
are used to move two pieces those two
circles next to the arrows are used to
rotate pieces the Box does outlined in
purple displays what piece you currently
have selected to select the piece simply
click on it to remove the piece simply
right click it and choose remove if you
still need this pause video I'll be
showing you the other side now
so here's the other side pause the video
you still need this
it should say repairs complete when you
fix catapult talk to a guard again and
say yes I'll have a go
you
now you need to test a couple by
tuning at three boulders first thing
needs to worry about is the arrow at the
bottom which is outlined in red simply
aim it at whatever Boulder shooting it
you move the arrow by using the
directional arrows in the bottom right
that's outlined in blue we're going to
start with the middle one labeled number
one tricky part is this counterweight
thing outlined in yellow so on the
counterweight bar click the left arrow
to decrease as much as possible
when you've done that and the pointer is
lined up with the middle Boulder hit the
red button to fire
aim at the boulder on the left increase
your count way by 5 meeting click on the
increase counterweight arrow 5 times
when you've done that hit the red button
to fire
aim at the last bowler on the right and
increase your kind of weight by one when
you've done that hit the red button to
fire
talk to the guard and now be on the
quest so hope you guys saw his video
helpful if you did remember to Like
favorite and subscribe to have I already
catch guys later pace